He still need some time
to come back to normal anxiety level
And I watched his competition viedo
I found that
He wasn't just sport anxiety
Really?
But I heard
it's because his private chef
who cooked something
caused he has trouble with diarrhea
Are you sure? Anyway
Please observe him more during
outside training preiod
I'll leaving for Beijing
To deal with something in the university
I hope to keep in touch
Okay, Thank you, Ms Fang
Let me introduce
This is the psychology teacher in the team
She also is a member of
the formor national team
She's Yongze's private chef Chacha
Hello
Nice to meet you, Ms Fang
I'll go first
Okay, be careful
Please have a seat
Thank you
Coach Huang
What did you want to see me about?
Well, Ms Fang told me
that Bai Yongze's excessive anxiety level
We're not sure
whether all his problem
were caused by diarrhea
Bai Yongze never told me
He's any problems
I wonder
Is his body really okay?
What happened?
He treat you a close one
You arranged all his food
Don't you know?
I don't find there's
anything wrong baout him
Well
Bai Yongze not only has
excessive anxiety level
but his lactate value is the highest
of all the players
Even if
we haven't trained much lately
Why is he so tired?
I'm really worry about
if he can attend the outside training
Why so serious
Of course, we hope this is temproary
Then, how to reduce the value
and relieve sport anxiety
Ms Fang will help him
to relieve sport anxiety
How about lactate value
Then he needs to eat fruit
and some alkaline food
so as
Tomato
and lemon
Those can reduce his lactate calue
But now, the most important thing is
we need to know
what happened, right?
Take off the sunglasses
i'm teaching you SMET
It's not for you to bask in the sun
I just lost the bet
Don'g be so fussy
I'll leave for Beijing
Now, learn how to relax yourself
Stand up
And follow me
Lift your hands up over
your head, and image
your spine is tense
and then, is realx
Could I ask
How could it
tense and then realx?
Imagine, just image
Well, well
Okay, next one
Breath in
Lift your leg like this
Backward
Upward
Image you're relaxed
Slowly, straighten out your legs
Slowly
Do you feel better?
What're you doing
Nothing
I'm theaching him Yoga, and he fell down
Yoga
Okay, that's all for today's training
Read the Yoga's information
I gave you
I hope when I come bake next tiome
You could do better
I know, what a bummer
Someon's gonna spy on you for me
Okay, I'll go first
Goodbye, Ms Fang
Be caregul
I was deranged to bet wieh her
What's in the bag?
Your lunch
Will I die after eating too much tomatoes?
If you want to reduce your lactate value
You have to eat it all
Go for it
Coach Huang worried that
if you can suffer the outside training
So, I'll go with you
Why
Just in case
What if you have angina
Come on
You two don't need to be together all day
We don't
I didn't mean it
Would you two to have
dinner with me tonight?
Why today?
My mom's death anniversary
Yeah
I bought movie tickets
Watch it after dinner
This is my mom's favorite movie
Recently it rereleased
If you two go together
It would be better
You two?
How about me?
Stop, stop sit down, good dog
Let's go
Do you remeber?
This is my mom's favorite movie
Yes, I do
My mom must be happy
I used to drink alone
But this time
My friend is here
Song Chacha is here
Aunt
was nice to me when I was a kid
she's kind
and warm
Let's talk about others
How about you two
Why do you like Bai Yongze
You're drunk, let's go
I'm asking you, Song Chacha
He's drunk, you go first
I like him
Because he'll be responsibe
for waht he said
He'll fight to keep hid promise
Are you satisfied?
That's it
He's going out for training
You may not be able to meet for a long time
Are you okay?
So I'm going to go too
Bai Yongze, you have to take care of me
that's too late now, I'll see you home
Dad
What's wrong you
Why can't I get in touch with you
I watched your replay
Why stop suddenly?
I told you
Hong Donglei isn't a good coach
We should go
Lan Tian
Are you okay?
You're hurt
Can you not go? Australia
Can you not go?
Yongze, Yongze, something happened
something happened, Yongze
Look
Your parents are on their way here
That's good, I'm going to leave
How about your parents?
I'll leave you to sort this problem out
I stay? You see
I've prepared a lot
Self-driving manual
And life ring
Take good care of these things. I'm leaving
What's this
Because Bai Yongze's stuff
I've been wanting to thank
you for a long time
I heard you 're going to Australia
So I prepared those siwmming equipment
And there is a special gift
You might need it
I never accept gifts easily
Just accept it
I'm ready for the car
I'll take you to the airport
Be careful
Well, thank you
Bye-bey
Bye-bye
That's good
Red evenlopes are ready
That woman is perceptive
Pretty thick
You can see it when you
miss me in Austrelia
You're too narcissistic
She was just saying?
Yongze, get in the car
Okay
Can you not go?
Australia, can you not go?
Chacha, We're in airport, Yongze is
What's wrong with Bai Yongze
He fainted
What?
Didn't you faint?
Who? Me?
In fact, he's fine
Are you crazy?
I thought something was wrong with him
You know how worried I was about you?
Sorry, Chacha
In fact, it's Tianshi
She want to go with us
But, she doesn't want to be alone
Jiang Shi
Chacha
Don'g be angry, don't be angry
Now that you're here, let's go together
Come on
Let's go together
Don't be angry
Okay, that's all today's training
And next is your free time
Be safe
Come on
Be careful
Let's go
I said don't embarrass me so much
What's wrong with them
Quickly
Let's make Bai Yongze a fruit salad
with lemon sauce
You're in too deep
so good to Bai Yongze
I'm his private chef
But sometime
Doubtful
Keep in mind, Lan Tian is your aim
Jiang Shi is really annoying
What's up
What?
Yongze, are you okay?
You two almost got into trouble
Lan Tian
Don't touch me
Are you okay?
I'm okay
Yongze, what happened
I'm not clear
Maybe something wrong with breathing
He might want to die and you saved him
Of course he's not happy
Don't be sharp tongue
Take the monster from my body
Take the monster away
Desire is like a monster
Why would I be like this
Mom, take the monster away, please
Please
Lan Tian, are you okay? Get out
Did you hear that?
Lan Tian may be eating
something bad, he's puking
I warn you
Watch your food
Lan Tian is off today
The others are ready to train
Okay, I stay and take care of him
Why
What if he has a stomachache
I'll stay
Anyway, I have nothing to do
You daid
You're going shopping with me
You go alone
Or I'm not gonna rest assurd
Well, thanks for the trouble
And call me whenever you need
Okay
Now, let's go train
Jiang Shi, quickly
Song Chacha, stupid
Come here
Bail Yongze
Here you are
You have to finish it
Stand still for what
Worry about Lan Tian?
I'm not you
Always care about him
Today's training plan
Thirty times one hundred meters
One doesn't complete,
everyone is punished
Coach, how can you do so
Lan Tian's ability is
adcancing by leaps and bounds
How about you
When will you
become well-matched
If you don't have teammate
What's the significance of the record?
There is no need for teams
Well, just enjoy our team's power
Start working
What happened to Lan Tian
when he was swimming
Lan Tian
Let Chacha go
That's not love
Love is courage
Crumbling courage
If you feel guilty
Just leave her
If
You can't tell her the truth
Just, let her go
Mom
Maybe I'm too persistent
too anxious
I was surrounded by fear
I drawing a blank
I just wanna hold you
I'm afraid I'll dyown
When did I get so scary
Jiang Shi, shoulder forward a little bit
Ture up
Yongze, good grades today
0.5s faster than the previous best
Looks like
Teacher Fang's method worked
Keep at it
Guan Jie, good grades today too
Good job
Jiang Shi, what's wrong with you
Want to be punished?
Can you try your best?
If you can't hold on, you quit
Luo Guanjie, you have no right to blame him
Who can't hold on, who out
Jiang Shi, be confident
I'll see you
Okay, one more time
Jiang Shi, it's up to you
Ready
Come on!
Hold on
Jiang Shi should be like this
You can do it
You brke your own record, 29s
It's me, I cooked a blow of porridge
You can't eat nothing
I put it front of the door
You come in
How do you feel
In the past
If you sick, you'll want
to eat Minced Beef Congee
I learn to cook
Hope it won't be too bad
Have a good rest
I remind of Zhihao
When I was swept away by the waves
I reminded him
He must be helpless and scared
We haven't found him yet
I reminded him
I feel
I'm suffocating
Tianshi, Tianshi today
I broke my own record
You look like you broke a world record
He is right to stay
You see, he is very happy
We need find the right way
Only threatening him
Will he do all he can
We also have credit
Bye-bye
God
Coach said to encourage me
He invites everyone to eat losber
I need to tell Tianshi right away
How about Lan Tian and Chacha
I'llet them
Wait, Yongze runs errands
For me!
Yongze runs errands for me
How old are you
Trivial matter
You are too noisy
Eat lobster, eat lobster
I don't know what's up
Used to be swimming alone
Today
play with others
made me feel united
What's up?
Am I someone who loves organization?
Lamp bulb, you know?
If I had gone with Zhihao
when he he called me
That's not your fault
I know it's not anyone's fault
But
But he seems to be living
in my heart all the time
He's been complaining about me
That' not ture
No, no, I want him in my heart
Why are you like this?
Only this
I can help Zhihao
To fulfill his dream
He was always dream of
becoming the best swimming athlete
I'll try my best, to do it
Lan Tian
If I don't finish this
She's gonna blame me
Why would I want to send her a flower
Song Chacha
I drunk it all
Is she out?
Lan Tian, so you didn't forget
Although I'm pleased about it
it's unfair for you
I never forget it
Chacha
Bai Yongze, I
Bai Yongze
Congratulate that we've
completes all the training
And congratulations to Coach Huang
He's so hard to get along with
But he's got a team
like us
It's his blessing
Cheers
And Guanjie is sharp tougne
But he is reliable
And swim well, cheers
Cheers
And, picking up girls
is better than swimming
Cheers
Thank my Brother Yongze, for love
Shut up
Everybody, don't get me wrong
We are not lovers
Who care
Can you stop being mean?
And, what else
Congratulate Yongze and Chacha
Congratulations on your couple
working together
Okay?
But
Where's Song Chacha and Lan Tian?
You're right
What's wrong with them
Just cheers for ourselves
Come on
Cheers
Dad
Well, then
Chacha is still be Bai
Yongze's private chef?
I think if
Lan Tian arranged her
to employed by Bai Yongze
No, dad
I tell you
Song Chacha and Bai yongze are together now
What? they are together?
But
Was Bai Yongze not a lover
with the actress Li Bao?
Have a foot in both camps
Yonthful man!
Anyway
You keep an eye on it, just in case
Okay, dad, I'll
Bye
It's no use keeping an eye on it
They're adults
What's wrong with Song Chacha
I asked her to get along well with him
How did she get so close to Bai Yongze
I have to figure it out
Hello
I'm the beautiful Miss. Lan
Well, are Song Chacha and Bai Yongze
still lover?
How did ther start
Serious or playful?
I really think you're idle
Hey? Hey?
I'm idle?
You just a coach
I'm president
Select flood for you you in flood
I'm good to you
You can't do this
Play hard-to-get?